and rain here today in LA it really
actually rates some of it got on me and
everything and it's it's hard to
complain about the weather here because
last week the winter storm was raging on
the East Coast it was about 85 degrees
and sunny here and at that time I issued
a formal formal YouTube challenge to our
viewers who were stuck inside because of
the snow the challenge was to go outside
make a snowball and then serve that
snowball to someone in bed we got a lot
of responses we shoveled through all of
them we whittled it down to our
favorites and here they are now the best
Finn snow
hey jimmy kimmel I served the snowball
in bed hey what's up my name is Rico
Michael Jackson tribute artist in
Chicago I am getting ready to snowball
my son while he is sleeping Mike Oh
Jimmy Kimmel told me to do this hey
Jimmy Kimmel has served my son to
snowball before school good morning you
been outside yeah
[Applause]
Jimmy Kimmel me Sara Jimmy Kimmel made
me do it
you wanna suck snow yes okay clean it up
I'm gonna get butt in the morning get it
out of my hair
lucky the father girl she give me
chemo dummy do that Jimmy give up then
what Jimmy Kimmel way we do it Jimmy
Kimmel I served a snowball in bed Jimmy
Kimmel
help
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen
forever